# bamf
You know when people recommend a movie to watch and you always respond with “oh, yeah. I’ll add it to the list.” But, in actuality, there is no list. Our application is bringing that list to life. It is an easy way to curate a list of movies to watch or movies you’d like to watch again. They can easily see their list on their own personal account where they can search for any movie, add it to the list, then cross it off after they’ve watched it.

We had this idea so that movie enthusiasts and those alike could have an easy place to find new movies, keep track of recommended movies, and scratch movies off as they watch them so they can see progress. Their account makes this a simple process for them and fun for friends.

By using the OMDB movie API we were able to pull every movie into the database to be searched so the user can pick and then add it to their personal list. With this API the user gets the movie title, movie plot, and even the movie poster. 

Massiel was responsible for materialize, the html css styling, and the routes of the handlebars. She worked with Avery, who got the OMDB API, to figure out getting the API call to work. Josh worked with the html css styling with Massiel. Avery and Josh worked together to make the save and delete function of the movie’s handlebar routes and associating the two tables. Avery worked on the user database, the movies database, and some styling and the member’s page. Dan worked on getting the server, the configurations, the models, functionality of some buttons and some css. 

The challenges that we ran into were getting the content from the API to render on the page with the information we were asking about. Then, adding and removing the information from the database. Also, making sure the ID of the person that is logged in corresponds with the movies in their database. 

In the future, we would like to be able to make a top movie list to see what other users want to see the most. This would help other users get recommendations on movies they have not thought of previously to add to their list. We would also like to add a rating feature so people can show how they felt about each movie. Finally, it would be great to incorporate a social aspect. This way those you add to your account can easily recommend movies to you and vice versa. Later, we can also incorporate shows and music that can be seen in a series of columns. 
